Project governance content (#13)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki: Hall-of-Fame.md

# Hall of Fame

> The [Hall of Fame](https://github.com/orgs/windows-toolkit/teams/hall-of-fame) is a symbol of recognition and appreciation for all the efforts and contributions performed by the members to enhance the Windows Community Toolkit and accomplish various tasks. The list includes the name of former members who performed indelibly and left their footprints through honest dedication and determination towards the community. Their added value and positive approach to expand the community will always be valued and appreciated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our "Hall of Fame" is a symbol of recognition and appreciation for all the efforts and contributions performed by the members to enhance the Windows Community Toolkit and accomplish various tasks. The list includes the name of former members who performed indelibly and left their footprints through honest dedication and determination towards the community. Their added value and positive approach to expand the community will always be valued and appreciated. 
```
